How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

By viewing the file contents of both files, I could be able to find the exact 
difference between the correct version and the wrong one.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Because when some new change files, I can easilly restore the version to a working one.
Also, if I'm facing one problem that appear in the past and was resolved, I can
check for that version and see how I solved it that time so I can solve it now.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

++Pros:
You are familiar with the changes. When you review your history, you can
clearly indentify which changes were made, and find useful information about it.

It reduces the amount of unnecesary information in the history

++Cons:
You may forget to commit your code, skipping the backup of important changes in the history.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because they have different purposses. Git focusses on code, and the code tipically 
involves several files. Google Docs focusses on files where the changes are only
inside the document.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

By writting it in the command line, we can see the commit messages between
all the repository's versions. After, we can use "diff" to find the specific
differences between two versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I can do some changes to the code and, if something's go wrong, I can easily go back to a
backup. That way, I can do whatever change I need with more confidence.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Just to work on my evolutives project xD
